Spelling (#192)
botpress/docs: for-developers/sdk/integration/messaging.mdx

Still unsure how integration messaging works? Here are some helpful resources:

- 📦 [Botpress GitHub Repository](https://github.com/botpress/botpress) - Most of our integrations source code is open source and can be found there.

> - 📚 [Runtime API Docs](../../../api-reference/runtime-api/getting-started) — This documentation should repeat a lot of information mentioned here but from the perspective of the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 📚 [Runtime API Docs](../../../api-reference/runtime-api/getting-started) — This documentation  repeats a lot of information mentioned here, but from the perspective of the server.
```

Author: ```suggestion
- 📚 [Runtime API Docs](../../../api-reference/runtime-api/getting-started) — This documentation repeats a lot of information mentioned here but from the perspective of the server.
```
